Bugs/Issues that are encountered, will be noted in this file.

BUG: Trying to run beta_release file with the newly implemented eof if-statement in the "read_kreature" function. 
Currently, it is not reading the data txt file (Krazy-Kreatures-Beta-Kreatures.txt). Even when omitting the 
eof test statement, the program isn't running like it's expected to, unlike its alpha counter-part (which is a 
direct copy and paste from its alpha).
UPDATE: Had to remove a "cin.ignore()" statement at the end of the "read_kreature" function that was hindering the 
program to continue running. NEW PROBLEM, data file is not being read currently. Might be because the data file
is possibly not even in the beta branch.
FIX: Found out that it was a minor user error on my part, where I mispelled the name of the file in the 
beta_release.cpp file. 

ISSUE ENCOUNTERED IN ALPHA/BETA: Needed to find a way to separate Kreatures in the data file, as well as how to 
recognize those separations.
FIX: Ended up using endls in the data file to separate the various Kreatures. 

BUG: Trying to separate Kreatures in data file with endls, however running into issue where file isn't being
read properly, thus not outputting expected outcomes. Tried using "cin.ignore()", didn't work.
FIX: In "read_kreature" function, I added a temporary string variable to read the endl into with "getline"

BUG: Error iterating through vector in the "collection_value" function; can't compare iterator to end of vector. 
FIX: Used a while loop instead of a for loop in order to use a "!=" comparison operator

ISSUE ENCOUNTERED IN BETA: Needed a way to add up the monetary values of each card, when the monetary values
were read as strings instead of int.
FIX: Utilized the "stoi()" function in order to type cast the strings into ints

ISSUE ENCOUNTERED IN BETA: Needed a way to hold the monetary values (as ints), as I was not able to hold them 
in the map. 
FIX: Used an int vector to hold all the monetary values.

BUG: In "collection_value" function, I am reading into random memory when adding the total up.
FIX: Had to define the "collection_total_value" variable to 0, since only initializing it assigned it to random
memory.

BUG: Having trouble outputting the movelist, by setting a condition to output the last move differently in the
"output_collection" function.
FIX: Fixed by creating another variable to hold the iterator of the last element of the list - 1.

ISSUE ENCOUNTERED IN ALPHA: Passing the ifstream value into a function produced an error.
FIX: Had to pass the address to the ifstream value in order to utilize it in the function.

ISSUE ENCOUNTERED IN ALPHA/BETA: Could not have an array of varying list types, (Original plan was to have two string lists, 
and an int list).
FIX: Had to utilize string lists instead for the values of the map.
